Add max client disconnect docs (#12467)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/job-specification/group.mdx

  own [`shutdown_delay`](/docs/job-specification/task#shutdown_delay)
  which waits between deregistering task services and stopping the task.

- `stop_after_client_disconnect` `(string: "")` - Specifies a duration after
  which a Nomad client will stop allocations, if it cannot communicate with the
  servers. By default, a client will not stop an allocation until explicitly
  told to by a server. A client that fails to heartbeat to a server within the
  [`heartbeat_grace`] window and any allocations running on it will be marked

>   "lost" and Nomad will schedule replacement allocations. However, these
>   replaced allocations will continue to run on the non-responsive client; an
>   operator may desire that these replaced allocations are also stopped in this
>   case — for example, allocations requiring exclusive access to an external
>   resource. When specified, the Nomad client will stop them after this duration.

Reviewer: This sentence has run away on us a bit and has a bunch of passive voice and third-person reference to the operator. Maybe break it up into:

```suggestion
  "lost" and Nomad will schedule replacement allocations. The replaced 
  allocations will normally continue to run on the non-responsive client. But
  you may want them to stop instead — for example, allocations requiring 
  exclusive access to an external resource. When specified, the Nomad client 
  will stop them after this duration.
```

}
```

### Max Client Disconnect

`max_client_disconnect` specifies a duration during which a Nomad client will
attempt to reconnect allocations after it fails to heartbeat in the
[`heartbeat_grace`] window.

By default, allocations running on a client that fails to heartbeat will be
marked "lost". When a client reconnects, its allocations, which may still be
healthy, will restart because they have been marked "lost". This can cause
issues with stateful tasks or tasks with long restart times.

Instead, an operator may desire that these allocations reconnect without a
restart. When `max_client_disconnect` is specified, the Nomad server will mark
clients that fail to heartbeat as "disconnected" rather than "down", and will
mark allocations on a disconnected client as "unknown" rather than "lost". These

> allocations will continue to run on the disconnected client. Replacement

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
allocations may continue to run on the disconnected client. Replacement
```

Clients that contain "unknown" allocations will transition to "disconnected"
rather than "down" until the last `max_client_disconnect` duration has expired.

In the example code below, if both of these task groups were placed on the same
client and that client experienced a network outage, both of the group's
allocations would be marked as "disconnected" at two minutes because of the
client's `heartbeat_grace` value of "2m". If the network outage continued for
eight hours, and the client continued to fail to heartbeat, the client would
remain in a "disconnected" state, as the first group's `max_client_disconnect`
is twelve hours. Once all groups' `max_client_disconnect` durations are
exceeded, in this case in twelve hours, the client node will be marked as "down"
and the allocation will be marked as "lost". If the client had reconnected
before twelve hours had passed, the allocations would gracefully reconnect
without a restart.

Max Client Disconnect is useful for edge deployments, or scenarios when
operators want zero on-client downtime due to node connectivity issues. This
setting cannot be used with [`stop_after_client_disconnect`].

```hcl

> # client_conifg.hcl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# client_config.hcl
```
